Stadium Status...
Uh...
Big Brother is Watching You
freedom is slavery uh
Used to Be Dame and BIG's brother
Who was hip hop brother, who was No I.D Friend
No I.D my mentor, now let the story begin.
It's the hard knock life tour, sell out
Picture us in the mall coppin' iceberg and yell out jigga (jigga)
Yeah that's what we'll yell out (yell out)
You know the name do, i gotta spell out, or tell bout?
J.A.Y., and 'Ye so shy, now he won't even step to his idol to say hi.
Standing there like a mime and let the chance pass by
Back of my mind, "he could change your life."
With all these beats i did, at least let him hear
At least you can brag to your friends back at the gig.
But he got me out my mama' crib
Then he helped me get my mama' a crib.
Big brother was BIG's brother
Used to be Dame and BIG's brother
Who was hip hop brother, who was No I.D Friend
No I.D my mentor, now let the story begin (begin).
Let the story begin (let the story begin).
If you feel the way i feel, why don't you wave your hands?
Fresh off the plane, I'm off the base line.
Nothin' handed out, I'm bout to take mine.
Round the same time of that Blueprint One, p
And these beats in my pocket was that blueprint for him.
I played my little songs in that old back room
He'd bop his head and say, "damn, oh thats you?"
But by the black album, i was blackin' out
Partyin S.O.B's and we had packed the crowd.
Big brother got a show up in Madison Square
And I'm like, 'Yeah yeah, we gon' be there!'
But, not only did i not get a chance to spit it.
Carlene told me i could buy two tickets.
I guess big brother was thinkin' a little different
And kept little brother at bay at a distance.
But everything that I felt was more bogus
Only made me more focused, only wrote more potent.
Only thing I wanna know, is why I get looked over
I guess I understand when I get more older.
Big brother saw me at the bottom of the totem
Now I'm on the top and everybody on the scrotum.
My Big brother was B.I.G's brother
Used to Be Dame and B.I.G's brother
Who was hip hop brother, who was No I.D Friend
No I.D my mentor, now Let the story begin (begin).
Let the story begin.
If you feel the way i feel, why won't you wave your hands?
Have you ever walked in the shadow of a giant?
Not only a client, but the presi-dito.
Hola' Hovito', the game gettin' foul, so here's a free throw.
I was always on the other side of the peephole
Then i dropped Jesus Walks, now I'm on a steeple.
And we know, New Jack City gotta keep my brother
But to be number one, I'ma beat my brother.
On that diamonds remix, I swore I'd spaz
Then my big brother came through and kicked my ass!
Sibling rivalry, only I could see, it was the pride in me, that was drivin' me.
At the Grammies I said, "I inspired me."
But my big brother who i always tried to be.
When i kicked the flow, it was like pick and roll
Cause even if he gave me the rock, it's give and go.
I guess being styled was more of a slam dunk
And my shit was more like a finger roll, but I had them singles though
And them hoes at the show gonna' mingle yo, (laughs), ya'll know!
I told Jay i did a song with Coldplay
Next thing i know, he got a song with Coldplay.
Back of my mind, I'm like 'damn, no way'
Translate espanol, "No way Jose!"
Then i went and told Jay Brown
Should have known that was gonna come back around
Should have talked to you like a man, should have told you first
But I told somebody else and that's what made shit worse.
My big brother, was BIG's brother
So here's a few words from your kid brother.
If you admire somebody, you should go ahead and tell 'em
People never get the flowers, while they can still smell 'em.
A idol in my eyes, god of the game, heart of the city, Roc-a-fella Chain
Never be the same, never be another number one Young Hov, also my big brother.
My Big brother was B.I.G's brother
Used to Be Dame and B.I.G's brother
Who was hip hop brother, who was No I.D Friend
No I.D my mentor, and thats where the story ends...