"And now for my next number."
"I'd like to return to the."
"Classic"
"uh, uh, - timeless."
"Nike's straight classic"
"Classic"
"Nike's.Nike's.Nike's. straight classic"
"Timeless."
"I'd like to return to the classic"
"Kanye West"
Can't buy this, super fly in this
Like shininess, you're highness
It's performin', look how long the line is
It's what happens when you make shit that's timeless
It's what happens, each rapper's the pioneers
What would it take to be a legend like Nas is?
That's so novice, I'm so polished
I got a right to be a 'lil snobbish
I did a 'lil bit of College
Semesters it took two like Rob Base
To let me figure out this was in my place
The beat's slow, 'til you listen to my pace
'Cause I be killin' shit, but that's evident
And y'all feelin' it, but I expected
If it's classic - it's gon' last forever than
I'm everywhere you never been, and better than I ever been
"Classic"
"Nike's straight classic"
"I'm better than I've ever been"
"Timeless."
"I'm everywhere you never been, and better than I ever been"
"Classic"
"Nike's straight.straight classic."
"I'm better than I've ever been"
"Timeless."
"Hold the fort down, represent to the fullest"
"Nas'll rock well"
Perseverance.
See the fake hustler rapper
To them, it hurts to hear this
Oh you went platinum? Yeah, that's nice
Now let me see you do the same thing twice
Three times, four times, then a couple of mo' times
Please, you're Amateur Night, it's Showtime
It's one life to live, so live it the best you can
The world could use one less man
Not enough air, not enough car factories
To manufacture new vehicles, sedans and vans
When they do make the whip you like
Your chips ain't right
By the time you could afford it
The car ain't imported
In the streets I'm in, it's just iron
Cops keep firin', in my environment
Leavin' you slumped, then they drive home
Far from the hood, brothers they eager to jump on
I like to be the wall that they toast up on
I like to see them fall, guilty for doin' wrong
I'm classic like the Air One's, the hustler shoe
That's what I'm accustomed to. yea
"Of course - we have Blastmaster KRS-One"
How many of y'all got - 'Criminal Minded'?
You, you, you, y'all don't be blinded
Me - I got no jewels on my neck
Why? - I don't need 'em, I got your respect
KRS-One, 20 years I rock
I do it for JMJ and Scott La Rock
This hip-hop and we's a nation
Don't you wanna hear more KRS on your radio station?
Instead of broadcasting how we smoke them trees
On the radio we need to hear more local emcees
Where you at?, c'mon where you at?
This is the difference between emceein' and rappin'
Rappers spit rhymes that're mostly illegal
Emcees spit rhymes to uplift their people
Peace, Love, Unity, havin' fun
These are the lyrics of KRS-One.
"I'm Rakim, the fiend of a microphone."
Uh, yea, is y'all ready for 20-07?
It's now another drought
Everybody's a killer, wow we buggin' out
Since '86 showin' the crowd what I'm about
And they still wanna know when the album comin' out
Ask the teenagers, OG's and ask the kids
What their definition of Classic is?
Timeless, so age don't count in the booth
When your flow stay submerged in the fountain of youth
Ain't no doubtin' the truth, I'm off the meters
Everybody cosignin', even non-believers
Since I came in the door, and became one of y'all leaders
In a fresh pair Air Force sneakers
Uptowns, we call 'em uppies, when they're on divas
Probably worn when KRS-One teaches
Nas - Made You Look, before the heaters
I bet Kan' had 'em on when he walked with Jesus
"These are classics"
"Nikes straight classic, classic."
"I'm better than I've ever been"
"Timeless."
"I'm everywhere you never been, and better than I ever been"
"Classic"
"Nike's straight.straight classic."
"I'm better than I've ever been"
"Timeless."
"I'm everywhere you never been, and better than I ever been"
"Classic"
"Lives straight.straight classic."
"Air Force One's, keep it poppin', classic."