I'm cold, I'm cold
I'm cold
Yeah... yeah... I got the right to put up a fight but not quite
Cause you gut off my light but my sight is better tonight and I might see you in my nightmares
Ohhh... how do you get there? Because we were once a fairytale but this is farewell... yeah
I got my life and it's my only one
I got the light, I'm runnin from the sun
So goodnight, I made it out the door... door... door... door... door
After tonight, there will be no return
After tonight, I'm taking off on the road... I'm taking off on the road
And that you know
And that you know... tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you nomore and that's one thing that you know... that you know
Okay, I'm back up on my grind
You do you and I'm just gon' do mine
You do you 'cause I'm just gon' be fine
Ok-ay, I got you out m, y mind
And the night is young, the drinks is cold
The stars is out, I'm ready to go
You always thought I was always wrong
Well, now you know, tell everybody(everybody) that you know
Tell everybody that you know that I don't love you nomore
And that's one thing that you know... that you know
Yeah... yeah... I got the right to put up a fight but not quite
Cause you cut off my light but my sight is better tonight and I might see you in my nightmares
Ohhh... how do you get there? Because we were once a fairytale but this is farewell... yeah
Baby girl, I'm finished
I thought we were committed
I thought we were?
I only thought we just?
But now we just repentin'
And now we just resentin'
The clouds is in my vision
Look at how high that I be gettin in it
And it's all because of you
Girl, we through
You think your shit don't stink but you are Mrs. Pee-uuu
And I don't see you with me nu mu
And tell everybody that you know... that you know
That you know... tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you nomore and that's one thing that you know... that you know
That you know... tell everybody that you know
That I don't love you nomore and that's one thing that you know... that you know